Adding Optional records to Tutorial (#5008)
roc-lang/roc: www/generate_tutorial/src/input/tutorial.md

Note that `&` can't introduce new fields to a record, or change the types of existing fields.
(Trying to do either of these will result in an error at build time!)

## [Optional Record Fields](#optional-record-fields) {#optional-record-fields}

> Roc supports optional record fields using the `?` operator. This can be a useful pattern where you pass a function a record of configuration values, some of which you don't really care about and want to leave as defaults.

Reviewer: Would rephrase to note that may care about them, but just provide default values (if you didn't care about them, why include them in the type at all?)

```suggestion
Roc supports optional record fields using the `?` operator. This can be a useful pattern where you pass a function a record of configuration values, some of which you'd like to provide defaults for.
```

> In Roc you can write a function like;

Reviewer: for consistency with the rest of the document

```suggestion
In Roc you can write a function like:
```

> <pre><samp>table <span class="kw">=</span> <span class="kw">\</span><span class="paren">{</span> height, width, title<span class="colon">?</span> "", description<span class="colon">?</span> "" <span class="paren">}</span> <span class="kw">-></span>

Reviewer: maybe worth filling in the strings with real values, like "Table" and "A wooden table"? Just to show this is more useful than using an empty string in the way you would use `Optional := [Some Str, None]`.

</pre></samp>

This is using *optional field destructuring* to destructure a record while
also providing default values for any fields that might be missing.

> Here's the type of `table`;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's the type of `table`:
```

the `height` and `width` fields have the type `Pixels`, a type alias for some
numeric type, and the `title` and `description` fields have the type `Str`.
This means you can choose to omit the `title`, `description`, or both fields, when calling the function... but if you provide them, they must have the type `Str`.

This is also the type that would have been inferred for `table` if no annotation
had been written. Roc's compiler can tell from the destructuring syntax
`title ? ""` that `title` is an optional field, and that it has the type `Str`.
These default values can reference other expressions in the record destructure; if you wanted, you could write `{ height, width, title ? "", description ? Str.concat "A table called " title }`.

Destructuring is the only way to implement a record with optional fields. For example, if you write the expression `config.title` and `title` is an
optional field, you'll get a compile error.

This means it's never possible to end up with an *optional value* that exists
outside a record field. Optionality is a concept that exists only in record
fields, and it's intended for the use case of config records like this. The

> ergonomics of destructuring mean this wouldn't be a good fit for data modeling.

Reviewer: May be worth suggesting using `Result` for data modeling instead.
